Full Stack Developer For Ad Serving Platform
------------------------

We are looking for an experienced full stack developer to help on continued development of an ad serving platform for our online media sales organization. A successful candidate will have database technology and programming experience and a firm understanding of performance tuning, version migration and physical design. We are looking for an individual with considerable MySQL experience who has a proven track record designing, building, scaling, tuning and maintaining websites and databases found in web hosting environments. 

This position requires a service-oriented mentality, high sense of ownership of the problems and requests assigned, focus on managing and resolving issues in alignment with the SLAs, initiating and performing changes on production systems and pro-actively escalating any issues that cannot be resolved within the established time frames.

A successful candidate will have good written and spoken communication and organizational skills, the ability to work in a fast-paced, small-team environment, strong attention to detail, and personal accountability.

Previous Knowledge Requirements:
HTML5
CSS3
PHP
Object Oriented Programming
MySQL
Redis
Responsive Design
Twitter Bootstrap
MVC Organizational Concepts

----------------------------

Hello.

I'm a professional web developer with 5+ years of experience.
Over the last 5 years I've developed & participated 5+ projects using PHP, Laravel, Wordpress, React.js, Angular, Yii, etc..

You can check my works here:
www.wantable.com
www.corva.ai
www.juniper.net
www.tynker.com
www.shmoop.com
https://usready.org/en/

As an expert in core javascript, various front-end MVC (Angular, React) and PHP frameworks(Yii/Laravel), I think I'm right candidate for this position.

I've got through your requirements 100% and I'm sure I can deliver the quality and productivity.

I worked for private company for 5 years before I turned into freelancer so I have good communication skills, team spirit, consistency & never give up. 

I'm familiar and trained at scrum and agile methodology and use git for version control.

Could we possibly meet and discuss more details about this project?

I'd appreciate if you can afford some time for me.