Job details
-----------
1) Must be experienced with JavaScript, Angular JS, Bootstrap, Version control note that we are creating rich internet web application.We have a specifications available to review upon request.Nice to have ruby and rail and Go. Take a lead and work with developer.

2) AWS architect admin set up admin part organization, account, policy and access control. 

3) ROUTE 53 : Conect User to S3 bucket (Static Website host)- route53 via/through DNS 

4) STORAGE : Develope complete static website will be in to new S3 bucket (Static Website host).Enable versioning to track deployment or rollback

5) STORAGE : Crete/choose an other S3 bucket (public bucket) this will store all the web data templates,images and icons.

6) STORAGE : Create/choose an other S3 bucket (private bucket) this will store customer/users template, icons and images will be stored.

7) Choose DynamoDB (Meta Data) which will store Account ID's which are associated with Images/Temaplates/Icons.

8) Call Lambda function/ Python, Node JS to accsess users Images/Templates from wesite host S3 bucket (Static Website host) to DynamoDB (User Meta Data Images/tempaltes/Icons stored )

9) COGNINTO : Create unique identities for users, authenticate these identities with identity providers, and save mobile user data in the AWS Cloud.

10) Lambda function call the third party API that will make a payment ( Cahse ) once the payment made. Lambada will update the data base. This person made a purchase. The same Lambda function insert a message to the queue that 
This is the addresss.Lambda will red the queue and trigger the SNS.

10) SNS : Simple notification Service (Email/SMA/ making call to API /Sending messages SQS etc there 6 ways to notify) to users, Sales and Print Services
--------------
Hi, 

I'm a professional full-stack developer with 5+ years of experience.
Over the last 5 years I have worked in bay-area start-ups with the title of fullstack developer and have a proud portfolio projects built in modern web standards.

You can check my works here:
www.corva.ai
www.wantable.com
www.juniper.net

As an expert in core javascript, various front-end MVC (Angular, React) and back-end frameworks(RoR, PHP, Node.js), I'm sure I'm right candidate for this position. I also have advanced knowledge and experience in AWS like EC2, EB, Lambda, S3, EBS, Dynamodb, RDS, EMR, Kinesis, etc...

I worked for private companies for 5 years before I turned into freelancer so I have good communication skills, team spirit, consistency & never give up. Also, I'm familiar and trained at scrum and agile methodology.

I can work in Central Time Zone and keep you updated with my progress everyday once you allow me to work on this.

Could I possibly meet you and discuss the project more in detail?

I'd appreciate if you could afford some time for me.

Best,
Gabe
