Web Developer
---------
Zio is a venture-funded startup created to make machine learning actionable for top-tier retailers. We are a distributed team and run the company via Slack, JIRA, GitHub, and AWS. A typical day involves moving a JIRA issue to In Progress, implementing the described functionality, pushing to GitHub, and then closing the issue. This technology portion of the company is run by someone with 20 years of development experience and has been optimized to be highly productive.

We are looking for an experienced front-end developer who can use Vue.js v2, D3.js, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and SVG to bring our UI to life. We have a great start to our development and are looking for a second part-time developer to join our team and accelerate our progress. The position will start as 20 hours per week with an opportunity to increase to full-time, if desired, after the first month.

If you also have experience with Serverless and/or Python web services then that's a valuable bonus, but it is not required for this position. You should, however, have experience connecting to REST web services via Vue.js and in using Vuex to manage application state.

Please note that you will need your own AWS account for deployment and testing - we will provide a monthly expense reimbursement which should more than cover the very low operating costs, but you will not have access to our AWS environment
-----------------
Hi, 

I'm a veteran javascript developer with experience in core javascript, angular, react, vue, d3.js, amcharts.js, etc..

I've been using vue.js for recent projects and I really liked it so far how it is fast, light, readable, scalable and easy to integrate.

In terms of D3 and chart experience, I've used d3.js in couple of previous projects and nvd3 with angularjs, amcharts, highchart as well

I have my AWS account and I'm able to work on my own account. 

Please let me know if this sounds a good fit for ur project and I'd like to join ur team and work together.

Best,
Gabe
-------------
- How long have been using Vue.js v2?
It's been around a year but I have long history with js alone. I'm familiar with angular, react, ES 5/6/7, typescript, etc..

- Do you have your own AWS account?
Yes
I've been using AWS EC2, S3, RDS, SQS, etc..

- How long have you been working with D3.js and have you used it to create components in Vue.js?
I think it was like around 5 years ago when I first used d3.js and not yet used d3.js along with vue.js. But this shouldn't be a problem.

- Do you have experience using SVG to create custom web UI components?
Yes, I've once customized UI components for dragging and drop cards to create tree map views using SVG.

- Do you have any experience in creating Python web services with either Flask or the Serverless framework? (this is optional, but a bonus)
Sorry, I don't have any experience in Flask. Instead, I'm rails, node.js and php guy.

-how many years have you been developing software?
I have been developing software for 14 years.
- how familiar are you with bitbucket? what is your bit bucket/github account? 
I am familiar with bitbucket, and my github account is gazenuz404.
how many years of laravel experience do you have?
I have a experience of laravel in 5+ years.
how many years of Vuejs experience do you have?
I have a experience of Vuejs in 3+ years.
show me projects built with vueJs and laravel?
