build custom secure website for Family Management of Several Properties
---------------
Hi - 

I am looking to develop some sort of private/secure website or web app for managing several properties my family owns. This would be similar to something like this site: (link removed)/, however I believe there is a simpler, cleaner way to create what exactly would work best for my family. The vision for the site would be you log in with a password and it would include the following elements:
- A calendar which would have alerts for bills and be color coded for each property
- A home page for each property with then sub-category cards that would have information about that property. Two things that come to mind would be 1) pictures/ lists of all appliances and general information about them including manuals 2) a main to-do list for each property with things that need to be done and then can be checked off and the info could be stored
- A shopping list for each property that could potentially be linked to amazon to order each month, whether it be automatic or some sort of simple transfer over and click

This is just a few examples of how I see this coming together. I have some experience with developers on building web apps and websites and I am sure there are a few ways this could be done. Whether it is built on some platform like wordpress or weebly or more custom is absolutely fine as long as the end result functions the way we need it to. For the project there would be some time spent up front planning out a map of the website and then the actual execution on development.

-----------------
Hi, Jake

I really like the idea what you bring in here and I'm just thinking why is this only for your family .. ? I mean we can think in broader way and make it for everyone to use our service. 

I'm Gabe Nunuz, a full-stack web developer who have worked in private company for 5 years before turning into a freelancer. 

I've got through your requirements and well understood of what you're gonna do.

Here's my thoughts about steps to execute:
1. Like you said, we need a roadmap to be created for the completion. 
2. At the same time, we have to investigate&decide on what kind of tech stack we'd use. Actually, this'd be my stuff. If we can find a well-suited wordpress theme for our purpose, it is the best option but most often, it makes us to customize apps in later stage so I recommend to use hot tech something like react or angular as a single page application.
3. Hire a good graphic designer unless you don't mind about UI.
4. Finally, the development part is left which I enjoy for the most !

I'm experienced in all of the technical stuff I mentioned above and I'm the right person for everything you need.

I'd like to discuss further details with you if you can afford some time for me.

Best,
Gabe
-------------------
